Format code with prettier (#5)
openinf/.github: README.md

# .github

Community health files for the [@openinf](https://github.com/openinf)

> organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization on GitHub.com.
```

> Community health files for the [@openinf](https://github.com/openinf)
> organization on GitHub.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A repository for default metadata and community health files for use across
all projects in the [@openinf](https://github.com/openinf) organization.
```
